= Readme

== Install

* after you managed to resolve all dependencies, you are finished. Just start the
  application.
* it is recommended to use the existing binaries from opensuse build service.

== Install Dependencies

* Works with ruby 1.9.* and ruby1.8
* If you want to use ruby 1.8 you need to install json ruby package via <tt>gem install json</tt>
  ruby 1.9 includes json already
* You need the kde4 ruby bindings called korundum4 built with phonon support.
* There were several bugs in the kde4 bindings prior version 4.5. I recommend to
  use the latest stable kde version. I am using kde 4.5.3.
* questions related to the installation process goes to saLOUt
  (find me in freenode, #kde-bindings)

== Usage
* just click on kubeplayer to start Kubeplayer
* or type in console <tt>ruby kubeplayer</tt>
* type in a video query using the line edit and press enter
* use single click on the list items to start the video

== Acknowledgments goes to
* korundum4 team which provides a really nice kde api and fixes bugreports within hours
* the author of MiniTube which have inspired this project. I also took some code from it.
* Paolo, the developer of a kde board game called kaya. I managed my files, libs
  like he and copied some cmake files.

== Bugs
* There might be a lot - please report them at http://github.com/saLOUt/kubeplayer/issues

== License
* (c) 2010 Robert Riemann <saloution@googlemail.com>
* the code is published under the terms of GPL version 3.
  http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt